\" HEADER {{{
.TH GGIDLE 7 ggidle

.SH NAME
GG's IDLE \- The GG's Integrated Development & Living Environment
\" }}}

\" INTRO {{{
.SH INTRO
Hello, there! Welcome to IDLE! IDLE is a digital environment to develop and live. As you installed the IDLE package, you may wish to install IDLE to your own system.
.P
To install IDLE, simply run
.B ggidle-install.
The script will perform a full upgrade of your system and them will ask you the options to perform the installation.
\" }}}

\" LEARNING {{{
.SH LEARNING THE SYSTEM
IDLE installs several programs that integrate with each other on your system and with your user configs. To learn how to proper use them, you may read the man pages for each one of them. IDLE have custom man pages for every program it customizes, besides other pages too. To access them, just use
.B man\ idle_\fINAME_OF_PROGRAM.
For example, 
.B man\ idle_vim
will bring the man page about the customizations made through the .vim directory and .vimrc config file of the user, and how to proper use them integrated with other parts of the system.
\" }}}

\" UPGRADING {{{
.SH UPGRADING
Idle do not upgrade by itself. You can run
.B idle-upgrade
to update dotfiles and rebuild suckless programs, but this will override any configuration that you may changed by yourself.
\" }}}

\" LINKS {{{
.SH OTHER PAGES
These are the man pages besides the programs-specific man pages:
.TP
.B idle_basic
Learn the basic usage of the system.
.TP
.B idle_shortcuts
Learn how the desktop environment works more deeply, by learning what each key combination can do.
.TP
.B idle_developer
Learn how to use IDLE features to develop software.
.TP
.B idle_terminal
Learn how the shell and the IDLE's terminal are configured and integrated.
.TP
.B idle_style
Quick explanation about the aesthetics and minor configs in IDLE.
.TP
.B idle_suckless
Manual on configuring suckless programs
.TP
.B idle_howdoi
Quick tutorials on getting common things done, like reading PDFs, viewing images, etc
\" }}}

\" PROGRAMS {{{
.SH IDLE PROGRAMS
This is the list of all IDLE's default installation programs:

.SS DESKTOP ENVIRONMENT
.TP
.B xorg
literally the graphical server
.TP
.B dwm 
suckless window manager with a nice statusbar
.TP
.B dmenu 
suckless scriptable menu
.TP
.B slock 
suckless screen locker
.TP
.B picom 
nice program so we have transparency
.TP
.B nitrogen 
wallpapers are better than blank desktops
.TP
.B dunst 
nice program so we have desktop notifications
.TP
.B libnotify 
dunst is useless without it
.TP
.B capitaine-cursors  
cool cursor theme used on IDLE
.TP
.B flat-remix (AUR)
cool icon theme used on IDLE
.TP
.B flat-remix-gtk (AUR) 
cool gtk theme used on IDLE
.TP
.B gtk3
the motherfucking gtk3 toolkit 
.TP
.B lx-session 
lx gtk IDLE federal police dept.
.TP
.B qt5-styleplugins (AUR) 
nice lib that allows qt to mimic gtk and often gives headache on updates
.TP
.B lightdm 
because a graphical login prompt is better than a black terminal
.TP
.B lightdm-gtk-greeter 
lightdm needs it anyway
.TP
.B xdg-user-dirs
so we have actually default directories
.TP
.B idle-color-chooser
the best brogrammers of the world developed this to help us set our colors

.SS APPLICATIONS

.TP
.B zathura 
literally a shell but for files
.TP
.B gnome-screenshot 
so you can post IDLE in r/unixporn
.TP
.B gnome-mines 
real-time strategy game simulating a minesweeper ship in the World War I
.TP
.B gnome-chess 
it has a cute horse
.TP
.B gimp
MNU Pmage Ianipulation Grogram 
.TP
.B transmission-gtk 
so you can download isos 4x faster (and other things too...)
.TP
.B sxiv 
image viewer but do not sucks
.TP
.B sent
suckless presentation tool
.TP
.B galculator 
cool gtk calculator because we never learned arithmetics in school
.TP
.B gcolor2 
simple color picker to help you rice your IDLE
.TP
.B st 
terminal emulator but suckless

.SS TERMINAL-BASED APPLICATIONS

.TP
.B gvim 
text editor of the beast
.TP
.B vi 
same but older
.TP
.B htop 
so we can pretend we're cool hackers
.TP
.B cmus 
everyone likes music
.TP
.B mpv 
everyone likes watching videos
.TP
.B neomutt 
wait, you guys still use e-mail? so 2000
.TP
.B newsboat 
a ship of journalists
.TP
.B lf (AUR)
ranger but do not sucks

.SS AUDIO

.TP
.B pulseaudio 
literally the audio server
.TP
.B pulseaudio-alsa 
so it interacts with the tux kernel
.TP
.B pamixer 
so we actually can change volume and etc
.TP
.B alsa-utils 
literally ask tux to change the volume

.SS FONTS

.TP
.B gnu-free-fonts 
pretty standard
.TP
.B otf-ipafont 
japanese text needs japanese font
.TP
.B ttf-ubuntu-font-family 
the best font family in the world
.TP
.B nerd-fonts-ubuntu-mono (AUR) 
ubuntu font + nerd icons <3
.TP
.B ttf-dejavu 
web needs a websish font

.SS GAMES AND STUPID TERMINAL STUFF

.TP
.B gnuchess 
turn-based strategy RPG game
.TP
.B unimatrix (AUR) 
cmatrix but with actually Matrix references
.TP
.B neofetch 
ArchLinux' default wallpaper
.TP
.B pfetch 
neofetch but do not sucks
.TP
.B cowsay 
cow speaking whatever you want
.TP
.B asciiquarium 
it's cute
.TP
.B nyancat 
SO FUCKING CUTE
.TP
.B tty-clock-git 
another ArchLinux default wallpaper
.TP
.B onefetch 
like neo but for git repositories

.SS COMMAND-LINE TOOLS

.TP
.B man-pages 
manuals to code in boomer (C)
.TP
.B sudo 
because maybe you didn't installed it already
.TP
.B polkit 
IDLE federal police dept.
.TP
.B zsh 
The Zoomer Shell
.TP
.B gcc 
CNU Gompiler Collection
.TP
.B git 
tux's software masterpiece
.TP
.B the_silver_searcher 
1s2 2s2 2p6 3s2 3p6 4s2 3d10 4p6 5s1 4d10
.TP
.B wget 
why the hack you do not have this already?
.TP
.B base-devel 
wait you ain't supposed to have this already to install IDLE?
.TP
.B yay (AUR) 
like pacman but actually supports AUR
.TP
.B udisks2 
sudo mount /dev/sdb1 /mnt never more
.TP
.B ctags 
tags for boomer programming (and other languages too)
.TP
.B youtube-dl 
just fucking use it. no one really cares.
.TP
.B pacman-contrib 
nice scripts so we can know about updates without sudo
.TP
.B zathura-pdf-mupdf 
nice lib so zathura can actually render the motherfucking pdf
.TP
.B bat 
cat but bloated
.TP
.B mediainfo 
one command serves them all
.TP
.B ffmpeg
literally make everything, from frying chicken to serves you with codecs
\" }}}
