\" HEADER {{{
.TH GGIDLE\ BASIC\ USAGE 7 ggidle

.SH NAME

GG's IDLE \- The basics of GG's Integrated Development & Living Environment
\" }}}

.B NOTE: 
This page explains the basic of how the environment works. For a full list of keyboard shortcuts, please read ggidle_shortcuts.

.SH THE DWM WINDOW MANAGER

The IDLE's desktop environment is built around the suckless' DWM (Dynamic Window Manager). It's recommended to read about the DWM on suckless' website and basics of tilling window management.

.SH LAUNCHING AND KILLING

You can launch a terminal with 'Super + Enter'. To launch other programs, use their shortcuts (see ggidle_shortcuts) or use dmenu, with 'Super + a'.

To kill a window, use 'Super + w'

.SH SCRIPTS AND PROGRAMS

All scripts used by the environment or programs that somehow integrate with the environment are installed at ~/.local/bin. Most of them are dmenu scripts that integrates with other programs like Cmus or Sxiv.

.B NOTE:
Every time something in the IDLE needs to open a browser, it'll read the $BROWSER environment variable. By default, IDLE sets it via the .pam_environment file to the brave browser.

To autostart a script or program, just add it to the autostart array in the DWM config and recompile the window manager.

The scripts and programs autostarted by DWM are:

.TP
.B dwmstatus.sh
updates dwm panel
.TP
.B dwmtasks.sh
sends notification about package updates
.TP
.B nitrogen
sets our wallpaper
.TP
.B picom
allows transparency and cool animations and effects
.TP 
.B lxsession
activates our graphic system policy authenticator
.TP
.B dunst
sends our notifications

.SH PANEL

The DWM built-in panel shows you in the left side the active tags, the DWM mode (Tux icon for tilling, and maximized or floating windows icons for monocle and floating) and the windows in the current workspace.

In the right side, you have information about the current music on the Cmus music player (or "nothing playing" if nothing is playing), pamixer volume information, internet icon (wifi signal for connected to wifi, a globe for connected via ethernet and a crossed wifi signal for disconnected), battery information and the current date and time.

The panel is only auto-updated once a minute, so the time is not minute-accurate. Cmus and the volume keyboard shortcuts have configurations to auto-update the panel on demand, so once the music status or the volume are changed, the panel will update.

The script that updates the panel is the dwmstatus.sh. It have a function status, that outputs to the command xsetroot on the bottom of the script. You may want to hack it to disable some widgets or create your own. Note that every 'echo' command at status needs to have the -n flag so it do not output a newline character.

.SH WALLPAPER

Our wallpaper is chosen with Nitrogen. You can choose a wallpaper and it will remember your choice. The install script automatically configure Nitrogen and sets a wallpaper from the GG's collection installed at /usr/share/backgrounds/Wallpapers. This directory is a git repository, and you can update wallpapers with "git pull origin master" (with sudo permission of course, as it's in the root filesystem).

To add custom wallpapers, 
.B DO\ NOT\ 
add them to /usr/share/backgrounds/Wallpapers, or you won't be able to update the IDLE wallpapers. Nitrogen adds /usr/share/backgrounds recursively, so you can create another directory or place the new files directly there.

.SH EXITING

To exit from the IDLE's environment and get back to the login screen, use 'Super + Ctrl + q'. To shutdown, reboot, suspend, lock or exit too, you can use the dmenu logout script with 'Super + Ctrl + l'.
