.TH USING\ SUCKLESS\ PROGRAMS 7 ggidle

.SH NAME

suckless - programs that sucks less in GG's IDLE

.SH INTRO

Suckless' programs are build with the Unix philosophy in mind and, if you want some feature, you need to add it via editing the source code.

.SH SOURCE CODE

The suckless' programs source code are installed on ~/.local/share/suckless. This directory is a git repository, so you can update to the latest IDLE's versions of suckless' programs running a 'git pull origin master' (or via the IDLE's update script).

If you change the source code by yourself, you would need to force the pull to update, but that would overwrite any change you made. To solve that, and maintain both IDLE's versions and yours, you can create your own repository in other location (ex: ~/.local/share/suckless-mine) and just recompile one or other version to change between them.

.SH CONFIGURING

The main file to change in any suckless program is config.def.h. This file defines values to programs to use such as colors and keybinds. In compile time, this file is copied to config.h which will actually be part of the program. If you have already a config.h file in the directory (as in a normal IDLE install), you have to delete it first.

Also, you can apply patches avaiable in suckless.org to the source code. IDLE's versions already come with a bunch of usefull patches.

.SH RECOMPILING

After editing the source code, you have to recompile and reinstall suckless' programs. This is done by deleting the config.h (if it exists, so config.def.h can create a new one) and running 'sudo make install' or 'sudo make clean install' in the programs' specific directory. The IDLE's zsh config have an alias 'suckless' that performs that.
