.TH GGIDLE\ VIM\ CONFIGS 7

.SH NAME
Vim - Vi Improved, GG's IDLE configuration and workflow.

.SH INTRO
The Vim configuration for GG's IDLE is focused on the minimalism, providing a comfortable and "zen" editing experience, and searches the most efficient way to use the Vim text editor, specially for C and Shell programming and general text edit.

.SH BASIC AND MINOR CONFIGS
The settings 'formatoptions' is setted with '+=r', the path with '+=**', the default fold method is the marker and 'ignorecase' is enabled.

.SH PLUGINS
The vim-plug plugin manager is installed and the only other plugins are 'ervandew/supertab' (for insert mode completion with tab) and the world-famous 'tpope/vim-commentary'.

.B NOTE:\ 
the plugins are listed in .vimrc but they
.B ARE\ NOT
actually installed because IDLE cannot make Vim installs them with vim-plug. To actually install them, you need to run ':PlugInstall' the first time you launch Vim.

.SH WILDMENU
Wildmenu is enabled and the wildignore is setted to ignore the defaults and '__pycache__', 'test.txt', 'test*.txt', 'a.out' and 'LICENSE'.

.SH SPLITS
Splits are setted to below and right for a more natural splitting.

.SH DOCUMENTS
Document files, like .ms, .html, .md, etc, uses wrap and linebreak, unlike most source-code files. Also, files ending with .1-7 are considered as man pages, so they'll have the filetype 'groff' and also wrap and linebreak.

.SH KEYBINDS

.SS TERMINAL
.TP
I use a ST keybind for terminals that open a new instance in the same $PWD, but there's a commented line in .vimrc that can add 'Ctrl + t' to open a Vim terminal window

.SS SPLITS
.TP
\'Ctrl + w' followed by 'Ctrl + i' will open a vertical split. Horizontal is the same keychord changing the 'i' for an 'u'.

.TP
Also, you can navigate between the Vim windows with 'Ctrl + <H, J, K, L>' which is much more easy than the default keychord.

.SS SNIPPETS
.TP
All snippets files are in ~/.vim/snippets. As they have my name and/or email, you may want to hack on them and on snippets configs on .vimrc.
.TP
.B ;c
generates the header of a C file including stdio.h and stdlib.h, the int function with the filename returning 0, a comment with my name, email and the current date.
.TP
.B ;ds
generates a simple author, version and date comment with #, for Shell and other scripting languages.
.TP
.B ;mitc
generates the MIT license in C comments
.TP
.B .mits 
generates the MIT license in shell comments.
.TP
.B mitt
generates the MIT license in text.

.SS GENERAL
.TP
.B tn
toggles relative line numbers
.TP
.B Space Space
Searches the next '++' and edit it
